Workflow Deployment Executions Filter (#351)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-08.mdx

title: Changelog | August, 2024
---

> ## Workflow Deployment Executions Filtered to just API Executions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workflow Deployment Executions Filtered to Just API Executions
```

_August 12th, 2024_

> Our Workflow Deployment Executions page used to list all executions of a Workflow Deployment, no matter where it was invoked from. However, this
> would often get confusing because it would mix results from evaluations and results from production into the same view. Our Workflow Deployment Executions
> page now filters down to just the executions invoked from the API. Executions from evaluations are still accessible by hovering over a row and clicking
> the "View Workflow Details" button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Workflow Deployment Executions page used to list all executions of a Workflow Deployment, no matter where they were invoked from. However, this
would often get confusing because you'd see a mix of results from both eval runs and production traffic in the same view.

Our Workflow Deployment Executions page now filters down to just those executions that were invoked via the API. Executions from evaluations are still accessible from within the Evaluations UI by hovering over a row and clicking the "View Workflow Details" button:
```
